Improve doc: add note about address validation (#10123)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/discovery/services.mdx

We recommend using [valid DNS labels](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hostname#Restrictions_on_valid_hostnames)
for service definition names and tags for [compatibility with external DNS](/docs/agent/services#service-and-tag-names-with-dns)

> The `address` field can be used to specify a service-specific IP address or hostname. 
> 
> Because hostname can be used, **we do not perform any validation of this field server side**.
> 
> By default, the IP address of the agent is used, and this does not need to be provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `address` field is optional, and can be used to specify a service-specific IP address or a hostname. 
There is no server-side validation of this field, and it can be set to any string. When this value is not provided,
the IP address of the agent node is used by default.
```

Reviewer: Hi @ltagliamonte-dd ,

Thank you so much for the submission! It looks great :) 
In general, our documentation will not break out a description of default behavior into its own line. The suggestions I made bring this into a single paragraph, like the rest of the documentation.

Otherwise, looks good so far!
